hey people and welcome to
second part of the top 10 best autumn
animes on the fifth place me
especially proud that it shows that
my subscribers quite something
crimson what is not so typical
And the speech is from kinga increase - one
romance drama that is about the boy
Pianist's course is already turning in
boy has lost his mother
and never played piano again
but one day then a leader
know violinist and she represents his
live completely again on the head
chicago - that's beautiful
history and at first I was even
not sure if it really is
a good drama is there for me
history with the mother just not
was enough
but over time, it evolves
then much more and place five
is more than justified for
this beautiful drama
fourth place is claimed
further on him he out of the field
universe and indeed fate unlimited blade
works and sven again legendary heroes
summoned to fight for the sacred
gral discharge pay day night is one
the few not seen animistically
but that is not really
because I do not think he's good
It's just because I'm just
fans over and over got the place
is certainly earned and me
become facebook lite unlimited blade
works will certainly catch up
third place goes to the adventure anime
to be only the one in which the
own holy knights magical powers
to the sacred botanical empire too
defend
but there are seven among them
to the enemies of the most holy knights
People were calling them the
seven deadly sins
but these are now over ten
years lost to each other
I must be really hard
break a lance
he is one of my absolute highlight
and probably would be my number two there
season really also some others
had to offer highlights
Characters are really crazy and
refreshingly different
although they are clear stereotypes
are very far ahead
of course, a melody us that too
Domestic pig squatting the doctor's target
me just as well as the
soundtrack and the running gags
work here for once
really very good as well
really the scraps fly here if it
the thing is to do ana to the not ice
In any case, we have a very clear one
recommendation
the second place could be the second
secure scale of psych
in which we still history
from agnico mori follow the now as
senior inspectors against the
crime in the near future in tokyo
I fought ipad 2 was personal to me
one of the series I'm looking for
I was especially happy because I had the first
Season very much liked the second season
still really good
the character development of akw is
hard to miss the newly introduced
characters come good but you miss
also some from the previous ones
season without too much anticipation
to take
the real sticking point is then
the end because they rather than
unsatisfactory felt nonetheless
is it a really good anime
certainly landed in my top five
would
and place number one goes to
or if the user
First place goes to a teenager and gentlemen
it is about parasites in the
head of people drill around them as
to misuse the values ​​and the complete
to take control over them and
they have to survive so they can survive
people eat meat and not too
situate
and so it comes to numerous
but I can kill these the police
do not really explain they call it
kill the minced meat and then there is
also a parasite that tries that
to take control of shinichi
but instead of putting it in the head
he only succeeds in control over
to gain the arm and so they have to
now coexist together
I have to honestly say crisis is
really an absolute stunner
Great action drama that both me
takes along emotionally as well as a tremendous
builds up tension
every consequence brings new exciting
information and always has something to
Offer
besides, the setting is still very much
unused and diagonal between
media the parasitic arm in jazz and him
themselves are just great
as well as the character development
divorced goes through a personal
top 3 would have looked like it would
only in number three men to the emergency
skating number three with something
projection then or paris seyed on
place number one as well as it does
killed on square number one yes
that was it for today again
That was the top 10 of the best autumn
animes now coming soon
the voting for the current season times
look what comes i think in a two
Three weeks more towards the end of the
you hate that as well
well, an anime is maybe like that
last part also no insider
information
There are two animes you do not have
in the top ten commandments I I
personally but still seen that are
on the one hand magic kalthof 14 12 and cross
I can not match for the two
an unqualified recommendation
output
especially percent is something
special and
I do not know myself exactly what I am
of it is to hold magic eito is just
no upps from poland you know
Maybe it is nice if you have the
market
Of course I have to say that is very much
episodic and does not have it
somehow the mega bang capital story
but still nice and one more
small tip if you the complete
list so you want the complete
list of anime daily the top 10
but were so 11 12 13
thus places all with voting again
listed and liked with you
It likes to write in the comments
or load thumbs who are quite nice and
with it shot and see you next time